Preface to the Updated King James Version (UKJV)
------------------------------------------------

This translation/update is in the Public Domain, so feel free to copy, publish, and use it. No 
permission in whatsoever form is needed. You already have 100% permission to publish, copy, and 
distribute the Updated King James Version (UKJV) as much as you want to in any form. However 
the author of "Translator" requests that the following be observed: -

i)	A credit line with the following words "I love Jesus (UKJV)." To be stated in the 
	copyright page of the work that involves the UKJV.
ii)	No modifications to the UKJV, this does NOT include typographical corrections or 
	adding of studies notes, comments and layouts modifications, which are essential to 
	any publications. However NO addition of footnotes that indicates the preference of 
	other manuscripts superiority in any form are allowed, e.g. "Most reliable 
	manuscripts does not have so and so", "The verse x-x are not found in 
	Vaticanus/Sinaiticus" etc.

The King James Version has brought life and light since it's first inception in 1611.  Major revivals 
all over the world and their works since have been attributed to the usage of this translation. While 
most modern translations rely on texts that are influenced by Codex Vaticanus and Sinaiticus, the 
KJV uses the traditional text (Textus Receptus, TR). 

The TR has survived persecution and was washed with the blood of martyrs that defended it and is 
faithfully preserves (by copying) from one generation to the other. Codex Vaticanus and Sinaiticus 
however was buried and was not employed until modern scholars promoted them as the 'most 
reliable/early text' in the 18th century. This causes an outbreak of confusions among the texts 
differences between the KJV and others, e.g. Acts 8:37, Mark 9-20 were either missing or labeled 
as "Probably not in the original texts" in most modern translations. Whether God preserves His 
Word as a result of "copying from one generation to another" or "by remaining hidden until the 18th 
century" is not a matter to be discussed in this preface. Without the Holy Spirit's illumination, you 
can have the very original Hebrew/Greek manuscripts and yet gain nothing out of it. The purpose 
of this update is not to venture further into any form of textual criticism dispute but rather unto 
another opening for the distribution of God's Word.

Today, new generations of Christians have emerged and the need to update the antiquated/archaic 
words in the KJV must take place. The NKJV and 21st Century King James are good examples of 
fulfilling this void, however the Updated KJV (UKJV) decides to take one step further, that is to 
preserve also the freedom of using it without copyright limitations. With a total of less than 6% of 
changes to the Authorized KJV, the UKJV promotes the usage of this wonderful translation (KJV) 
for today's believers.

While translating the KJV and updating its structure and words requires scholars and years of work, 
updating the KJV with the help of technology requires only a fraction of the time. With this fact in 
mind and the great computing power available today, the software called "Translator" was created.  
"Translator" extracts all archaic words and by comparing them with a custom dictionary it will sort 
and produce a list of all verses that needs updating. The author of "Translator" then views this list 
and by comparing the words with references to Strong's Greek/Hebrew concordance, the new or 
more comprehensible words are then inserts them into the custom dictionary. Later the "Translator" 
will update all the words in the entire KJV text. The use of technology also guarantees that the 
work produced is not "biased" in any nature but accurate and true to its meaning. One must always 
bear in mind that this is not a new translation but an UPDATE.

The "Translator" retains the unique English structure of the authorized KJV. The following are the 
rules and formats used in the updating process: -
 
i)	Singular and Plural meaning must be retained, e.g. Modern translations have mistakenly 
	translated "ye" into "you" when "ye" actually means one or more person. The KJV uses 
	"thee" to refer to singular object and "ye" to multiple. The "Translator" replaces "ye" 
	with "all of you".
ii)	Old words are replaced with new similar words. E.g. "musick" with "music"
iii)	Legendary words referring to animals that have no historical evidence will be retained 
	and the possible object is suggested in braces. E.g. "unicorn" is translated as "unicorn 
	(p. ox)".  The "p." prefix indicates that the following word is a suggested word.
iv)	Words referring to physical objects that can be replaced without posting any changes in 
	Christian doctrines whatsoever, will be replaced by several words that reflects its 
	meaning as close as possible. E.g. "habergeon" is translated as "armour of jacket"
v)	The actual Greek words translated as "word", "spirit" and "love" are shown with the 
	original word in braces. E.g. "the word (o. rhema) of God is ". The "o." prefix indicates 
	that the following word is the original word.
vi)	Old words that means differently today are replaced. E.g. "meat" is translated as "food", 
	"want" as "lack"
vii)	Old expressions are replaced. E.g. "on a day" is translated as "upon a certain day"
viii)	Words that have more than one meaning in different context are retained. E.g. "suffer" 
	can mean accept, allow or endure.
ix)	Words that are not found in any dictionary (invalid) but that is easily understandable and 
	if no proper modern words can replaced them are preserved. E.g. "righteousnesses"

(p. suggested word)
(o. original word)

I pray that God bless this humble work, All Glory be to God through Jesus Christ our Lord. In 
Jesus Name. Amen.

Author of "Translator"

Contact: updatedkjv@yahoo.com
Current Site: http://www.geocities.com/updatedkjv/index.html

--------------------------------->End of Preface<--------------------------------------
